I have four tablespoons of yogurt and
what I'm going to do is mix the yogurt
nicely so it's very smooth and creamy
and then I'm going to put in some ginger
this is about an inch cube of ginger
that has been very finely grated of
course it's peeled for us and then it's
very finely grated so that goes in as
well and then I'm going to put in some
garlic this is one clove of garlic that
has been peeled and mashed to a pulp
here and then lemon juice I have five
teaspoons of lemon juice salt there is a
quarter teaspoon of salt over here
it depends some of the prawns are very
salty so use your judgement and use less
salt if you want to and then I have a
teaspoon and a half of ground roasted
cumin seeds we've done that roasting in
an earlier program also and a quarter
teaspoon of garam masala we made garam
masala in an earlier program and of
course you can buy it ready-made so all
these spices go in some black pepper and
then you know tandoori foods have this
wonderful orangey red coloring and you
can leave out the coloring if you want
to but I associate andouille foods with
that color and I always put it in so to
get that right color I will put in two
teaspoons of liquid yellow food coloring
and one teaspoon of liquid red food
coloring and then you have to mix this
very well get it all well blended and
once you've done that you know the
garlic and ginger have sometimes when
you crush them have little large pieces
and ginger has a few threads so I'm
going to strain it because I want the
sauce to be as smooth as possible I have
here a sieve that has been set over a
bowl and I'm going to put all the sauce
in and then I'm going to push
it true because I want all the juices
from the ginger and the garlic to come
out I don't want to leave any of those
good juices behind so strain it well
lift it up push all the juices and once
this is done you can discard the pulp
and the sauce is ready to be cooked now
in this pot over here it's a frying pan
I have for two ounces of unsalted butter
and into that I'm going to put in all
the sauce and do it on a high flame heat
the butter first get it very very hot
all the sauce up and then I shall stir
it and fry it like this it's important
that you cook this down on a fairly high
flame and you want to reach up a bit get
a very thick sauce really that's what
you're aiming for the moment is too thin
so you have to stir it keep stirring it
all the time don't stop stirring it
you see how thick the sauce has become
and how the butters began to separate
now it's ready for these prawns and I'm
going to put all these eight ounces of
well drained prawns in
all I'm going to do now is just fold
them in that's all there is to do